Dean Shen Quan, Saburo Aoi, Anmi Tianzi
Why should I be far away in Liaodong?
Want to kiss more than the emperor
They are stupid and incompetent.
When I saw the ruins today, I really said
How dare you insult my emperor
Did I slander the emperor?
Open your eyes.
Look at what you stupid king is doing
Your celestial husband is not the most reasonable
The monarch of a country
Take the wrong minister
And they go up and down in a grand manner
lose face
Hmm, that's right
A mess like you should give way
Hahaha abdicate and give way
Who in the world is more virtuous than me?
Humming an incompetent mess and calling it virtuous
It's a family name
Find a pig in the pigsty that is more idle than you
In this way, I only know that I am drunk all day
Hanada wine wilderness
Absolutely first class trash
The emperor is bold
You dare to insult my man, you dragged me out and cut it
Ah, your majesty, Xiru
The two countries have never been at war.
Are you the only one who dares to kill me?
I need 300,000 army
Soldiers move
Prancing horse whip at any time
It's hard to beat
Sword refers to heavy rain
If you dare to threaten me, it is dangerous
Could it be that you dare to kill me?
This dim lord refers to the tiger
Useless
I check
The emperor turned out to be just a straw knife with cruel words
You think I dare not
Come here, don't make me look down on you
There is no crime
Never kill His Majesty